[AUDIO LOGO]
[SLOW RHYTHMIC MUSIC]
>> If there is a place in the
world that brings together
underground mysteries and
reports of UFO encounters,
it is Mt.
Shasta.
What is hidden in the bowels
of this mythical California
volcano?
I'm Ricardo Gonzalez Corpancho.
Welcome aboard
"The Arc of Time."
[THEME MUSIC]
Mt.
Shasta, located in
northern California,
is one of the biggest
and most impressive
strata volcanoes in the world.
At 14,179 feet high,
its gigantic figure
is the source of numerous
legends, UFO reports, and even
extraterrestrial
close encounters.
But let's start with the name.
What does "Shasta" mean?
Historians assume that it's
an old, indigenous word that
means "white mountain."
In addition, "Shasta"
has been reported
to be the name of an Indian
tribe that in 1840 lived
in the vicinity of the volcano.
Most likely, the Indians
have been so named
in honor of the mountain.
Regarding its discovery,
we know that, in 1817,
a Spanish explorer,
friar Narciso Duran,
was the first to
cite the mountain he
called "Jesus Maria."
But several years later,
precisely in 1841,
the Wilkes Expedition then
renamed it "Shasty Peak,"
publishing the first
known illustration of Mt.
Shasta.
Today, everyone just
calls it "Shasta,"
the name displayed on the
maps of the United States
since 1850.
One of the first esoteric
writings about Mt.
Shasta dates back
to the year 1886.
It was written by
Frederick Spencer Oliver.
"Inhabitant of Two
Planets" was his work,
and it's about a pipeline that
already mentions an alleged
inner temple with Mt.
Shasta and survivors of
Lemuria and Atlantis--
information which would
later be replicated
in Rosicrucian and
Theosophist writings,
feeding this idea even further--
an idea that seems to
be backed by testimony
of several visitors
to the mountain who
affirm to have seen
tall human figures
dressed in white
tunics wandering
in the middle of the
forest, and suddenly they
would disappear unexpectedly
without a trace.
Digging a little deeper
into this information,
I found the story of a strange
discovery occurring in 1904.
The protagonist was geologist J.
C. Brown from the Lord Cowdray
Mining Company of London.
Brown claimed to have
found a tunnel that
went into the hollows of Mt.
Shasta.
Intrigued, not thinking much
about it, he went inside.
When he had gone in, according
to his testimony, over 3 miles,
he found traces of
copper and gold mining.
And this which, according
to the geologist,
had nothing to do with
recent mining activity.
Everything seemed
very old to him.
He looked around the
area and then continued
through the tunnel,
which soon led him
to a very large gallery
full of metallic objects.
There, Brown observed statues
of gold and a shiny disk
golden in color.
Immediately afterwards,
he found some plates
that also appeared to be made
of gold, which contains symbols
similar to Egyptian writing.
But that was not all.
Brown also claimed to
have found 27 skeletons.
The extraordinary thing
is that some of them
measured close to 10 feet tall.
According to Brown,
two of those giants
seem to be mummified
years later.
Precisely in 1931, US
esoteric M. Doreal,
author of the famous
channeling called
"The Emerald Tablets of
Thoth the Atlantean,"
declared to have found
those secret corridors that,
according to him,
appeared to be Mayan.
Nevertheless, even
though Brown's studies
stretched for more
than 30 years,
specialists questioned
his discovery.
And the fault lies with Brown
himself because he did not
want to guide a scientific
expedition into Shasta's depths
to show his supposed
gallery of records.
You will recall, when we
talked about the Cave of Tayos,
it is a very similar site--
underground world,
secret galleries,
metallic plates with symbols,
like the ones allegedly
found by Moricz in Ecuador, for
a time held by Salesian Father
Carlo Crespi.
And apparently, the same
situation is found at Mt.
Shasta-- a difficult
situation to verify
since Brown's testimony
could never be confirmed.
Nonetheless, Shasta also
holds other similarities
to the Cave of the Tayos,
since there in its forests
the presence of small creatures
has been reported, very similar
to the so-called Sunkies.
One of the most famous witnesses
was physicist Miriam Sharpe
from the city of Costa Mesa.
Now, if all this
were true, who is
behind those underground
galleries in Mt.
Shasta?
We've talked before of
the underground world,
of the possibility of
beings from other worlds
having chosen the depths
of mountains, volcanoes,
underground galleries
below great deserts
to establish their bases.
We've talked about survivors
of vanished cultures
or even about unknown
creatures such as
the aforementioned Sunkies.
Does all this exist
on the white mountain
in northern California?
There is an extraordinary story.
It really fascinated me when
I read it for the first time.
Josef Blumrich, a NASA
aerospace engineer,
had an interview with Hopi
leader White Bear back in 1970.
And White Bear, the Hopi leader,
told a fantastic, extraordinary
story.
According to the native
leader, thousands of years
ago, there existed a great
civilization in the Pacific
Ocean called Kasskara.
The civilization was
forced to flee their lands
due to a volcanic
eruption-- actually,
the chain eruption
of many volcanoes
that ended up plunging this
culture into the Pacific Ocean.
Those who managed
to survive did so,
thanks to some gods of
the stars called Kachinas.
Ancient, wise, and
venerable, according
to what was described
by White Bear,
these Kachinas came on
some flying shields,
and they came from Pleiades--
from the Pleiades stars.
On these flying
saucers, the Kachinas
rescued some of the
inhabitants of Kasskara
to take them to America.
Obviously, Blumrich was stunned
and held a skeptical position
for a time since he believed
that these accounts had
little validity.
But we all remember that
Blumrich himself did a study
on the appearance
of the glory of god
before the biblical
prophet Ezekiel.
And he ended up
convincing himself
that what was seen
by the prophet
was actually an
object that appeared
to be a vertical
take-off command module,
like those used by NASA,
and that those wheels
and those beings similar to men,
who appear in his description,
corresponded to
something concrete
that Ezekiel, on the
shores of the Chebar River,
had seen a UFO, an unidentified
physical object, outright.
And this led to Joseph Blumrich,
despite his credentials
as a NASA scientist, to
investigate other stories.
And this is where
the Hopi story comes
in-- a Hopi story connected
to Shasta and other stories.
Kasskara existed,
according to tradition,
in the Pacific Ocean.
It is also known in
the esoteric world
as Mu, which gets
confused with Lemuria,
in the Indian ocean in the
southeastern part of Africa.
White Bear revealed to
the American scientist
that the masters of Pleiades,
the mysterious Kachinas,
led survivors to three specific
places in America, those
that they managed to
save from Kasskara--
one of them to Mt.
Shasta in California, another
to the Yucatan Peninsula,
and another exactly
to Lake Titicaca--
three places that White
Bear was able to identify
through photographs
of these sites.
But now we are
concerned with Mt.
Shasta.
Who are those who live
inside the mountain
and do not show
themselves openly?
Are they, by chance,
descendants of Kasskara,
as we have talked
about in other stories
of the extraterrestrial enigma?
Have survivors of Kasskara
and their descendants
inside the northern
volcano of California
protected the legacy
of their culture?
Would this explain
the appearance
of tall beings
dressed exotically,
walking in the middle of the
forest, and then disappearing?
Are they physically
there, or is it
a holographic memory of a story
lost thousands of years ago?
Skeptics might say it's
just a Hopi story, a myth,
a story that we are
associating with the isolated
report of several people
who, with a thirst
for extraordinary
experiences, visit Mt.
Shasta.
Make no mistake.
We would just be scratching
the surface of the mystery.
Mt.
Shasta has provided
unequivocal proof
that it is an authentic
place of contact
and that a secret
lies in its bowels.
Personally, although
I have not seen
those so-called
inhabitants from inside Mt.
Shasta in the middle
of the forest,
I have indeed been
able to witness the UFO
activity in that place--
quite remarkable, very
important activity,
which is even associated with
our own contact experiences.
As I have said on
other occasions,
Shasta has been
the main location
for our scheduled
encounters with sightings,
with objects, in the presence
of journalists, investigators,
specialists of the
UFO phenomenon.
Perhaps the most
important case is
that of Paola Harris,
when, in the year 2014,
she accompanied us
to an area of Mt.
Shasta called Sand Flat--
a large clearing on a plateau in
the middle of the forest, where
Antarel, an entity of
extraterrestrial origin
and Nordic in appearance,
whom I have described
in other interviews
and TV appearances,
emerged there before a
large group of witnesses.
Paola Harris was completely
stunned, impressed
when, within the energy that
had manifested in the Shasta
forest, a bright
white energy that
was coming from the ground, this
tall being arose, practically
floating weightless,
before the witnesses
and who spoke perfect English--
in the case of Paola Harris's
language, in English--
and he said "thank you"--
gracias.
Paola didn't understand why this
Nordic-looking entity wearing
a dark suit would thank her
in her language, in English.
Then we learned incredibly
that this being Antarel, one
of the extraterrestrials
associated with the Alpha
Centauri case which we
have already discussed,
was thanking Paola Harris
for her dissemination work
in the future
regarding these beings.
That is, it is as if the message
were coming from the future,
and Paola Harris was
listening to it on Mt.
Shasta in 2014.
Why Mt.
Shasta?
According to this entity
Antarel and other beings
of extraterrestrial nature
who have manifested themselves
there, it is because Mt.
Shasta, aside from being a
great gallery of records,
like the Cave of
Tayos in Ecuador
and so many other
spots in the world,
it is also an entry and exit
vortex for these ships--
ships already linked to
extraterrestrial groups
operating in our reality.
That's why Shasta is a special
contact place for sightings
and allows these beings to show
themselves more openly when
they have so arranged it.
Paola Harris has
been transformed
into one of the main witnesses
of a close encounter on Mt.
Shasta.
Her career and prestige
in the world of ufology
has put the skeptics in check.
And on Shasta, on
different occasions,
we have been able to film
anomalous objects flying
over the forest.
Here are some of the
images for you to see.
Some objects that were even
caught on night vision cameras
don't seem to have physical
consistency, density,
like one might
assume of a vehicle,
but they look like plasma moving
just above the pine trees.
These contacts continue to occur
in the solitude of Shasta's
forests and in similar
places across the world.
We call them neutral zones--
places of contact
that have been marked
by the extraterrestrials.
What makes them special?
Their telluric energy
because Shasta is a volcano?
The existence of these
extraterrestrial bases?
Vortices or anomalies
that allow connection
with those other realities?
Or the simple fact of
being away from big cities
is also a strategic requirement?
Whatever it may be, it is clear
that these contact places are
just a reflection of ourselves.
Nicholas Roerich
called them "Jalniks"--
places of compassion,
sites of miracles.
But on Mt.
Shasta, not only have we had
sightings of these objects
or the physical
presence of beings
that we have seen as a
group with other witnesses.
I know this is going to
sound difficult to accept,
but on Shasta was the
last occasion when
I was able to, at
least in my perception,
physically go inside
these beings' ships.
It happened on the
26th of August of 2012.
I'd been invited to--
through communications, the
echographs that I mentioned--
to meet face to
face with Antarel.
The contact was scheduled at
night on the Sand Flat plateau
there on Mt.
Shasta.
I remember we were
at the viewpoint
on top of the mountain.
This was during the
day with a large group
of people who had participated
in one of my expeditions on Mt.
Shasta.
And a metallic object appeared
that could be seen perfectly
in contrast with the blue sky.
We took out our cameras.
We wanted to film
and photograph it.
And although we all saw the
object through the cameras,
it did not appear in the
viewfinder of the cameras.
This happened in three cases.
We were unable to record video
on three different cameras.
The sky appeared clear without
any kind of anomalous object,
and yet we saw the disk.
I felt that, with this
sighting in the middle
of the day of a greyish silver
object that looked like a disk,
these beings were
confirming the contact
I was going to have that night.
When the time came
for the experience,
we approached Sand Flat,
and there was no one there.
We were alone--
no camp or anyone.
We started to practice
our preparation techniques
based on concentration,
on mediation,
to be calmer, focused.
At the time that these beings
indicated that the contact was
going to happen, a
very bright object
appeared of stunning gold
flying above the pine trees.
All of the people who
were there saw it.
We're talking about 12 people.
At that moment, the
extraterrestrials
gave me the feeling
that I needed
to stand up from
my camping chair
and approach a
clearing in the forest
where they had previously,
in mental visions,
shown me where we would meet.
Although I've had
these experiences
on different occasions,
obviously, it's
not easy to face.
These contacts, although
I've seen them several times,
I know that they come
with positive intentions
and that their messages
and information are
extraordinary that
it has allowed us
to reach many
people in the world,
not to convince them
of these experiences
but to invite them
to reflect on them.
Being exposed again to a similar
situation is very complex.
I admit that when I walked
towards the clearing
in the forest while my
companions waited for me
at the base, I became nervous.
The mere fact of meeting
Antarel again and possibly
visiting one of his ships as
they had previously indicated,
it was a very difficult
situation for me.
But something happened.
When I got to the
clearing in the forest,
I heard some children--
what I thought were children due
to their high-pitched voices--
as if at play, doing
something, moving around.
I couldn't believe it.
I was coming to the
indicated contact place.
There was a clearing
in the forest,
and I remember
clearly that there
was a tree trunk in the area, a
fallen tree, and I approached.
Indeed, there were some
children, half a dozen
of them, very young, maybe
between 10 and 12 years old.
They were there playing.
And it caught my attention that
they were in summer clothing.
And at that time of
night, it was cold.
Even though it was August,
summer time here in the United
States, at night on
Shasta, in the mountains,
feels quite cold because we are
obviously at about 6,500 feet
where the camp is.
But these children were playing
as if it were 75 or 85 degrees
Fahrenheit.
It caught my attention.
I said, are they so focused
on playing that they
haven't realized it's cold?
Sometimes this
happens with children.
And I was very
bundled up walking
towards the anticipated contact.
At that time, I forgot
about the experience
to come, about their
invitation, about the sighting
of the golden object, about the
sighting during the day that we
couldn't record on video.
I forgot.
My nervousness went away
because I said, well,
an experience is not going
to happen here on Shasta.
No contact is going to happen.
There are some children here.
They must be lost.
I'm going to approach them to
ask, where are your parents?
Where are they camping?
And then something
incredible happened there.
When I began to
approach the children,
they came running towards me.
They held hands and
formed a circle around me,
and they began to go around
in a circle around me.
At that time, I said,
something here is not right.
That's when a flash--
powerful, white,
and very bright--
blinded me.
It made me close my eyes.
I immediately lost
contact with the ground.
I lost touch with Shasta.
I didn't see the
children anymore.
It was like being inside
a white beam of light--
something that had
already happened to me
in a similar experience in
the Peruvian desert of Chilca,
which I shared in the past
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
only now it was repeating
itself but on Mt.
Shasta.
And I suddenly appeared
in a large circular hall,
immaculate white, perhaps
80 feet in diameter.
And there is where
Antarel appeared.
I felt breathless.
I remember it now as if
it were happening again.
It was gripping.
I couldn't discern if
what I was going through
was real, if the
children were real, even
if my visit to Shasta was real.
I wasn't going crazy.
I knew all this was happening,
but my concept of reality
was distorted at that time.
Everything went so
fast, so sudden,
that I didn't know
what was going on.
Antarel approached me.
I've already described him
in our other interviews.
He's a rather tall man--
over 8 feet tall approximately.
He was dressed in a
silver metallic suit.
And when he approached
me, mentally he
told me to be calm, that
I was in the right place,
that he had taken me
inside one of their ships.
And I, reacting in a
disrespectful way, confused,
I asked, but is this real?
Am I here with
you inside a ship?
And what can you tell
me about the children
who were down below?
I mean, what happened?
And the extraterrestrial
mentally told me,
the children were created by us.
It was a hologram.
We did it so that you
would become calm,
so that we could bring
you inside the ship.
And, although this
sounds silly--
stupid on my part, and
excuse the expression--
I said, of course.
You had to do a trick
to calm me down in order
to once again bring me
inside one of these objects.
And how do I know that this
that I am experiencing with you
Antarel is not another
hologram, like you
did with the children,
who seemed so very real?
And he walked towards me.
And I got scared.
I thought that the
extraterrestrial
might have gotten angry.
And he brought his immense
hand closer to my chest
and touched me.
He touched me.
And for the first and
only time, he spoke to me.
That is, he did not
connect his mind with mine,
but he spoke to me in a
strange neutral Spanish.
And he said, Richard--
my name is Ricardo, but my
family, my close friends,
call me Richard,
and curiously that
was the name that Antarel
used to speak to me.
And he said, Richard,
we are your friends.
We are your brothers.
You are really here.
Touching my chest,
in that instant,
I knew, although I did
not want to accept it,
that I was not in a hologram
but inside some place--
on a ship, which was floating
over Sand Flat on Mt.
Shasta.
In this contact, I had a
dialogue with these beings
to do our first research
and expeditions to Altai.
It was an area
that they indicated
to us in Siberia, in
Russia, and also in Mongolia
in order to understand all the
significance of the movement
for the consciousness
on the planet level
and some shamanic traditions
of that area, which also have
a connection with old contacts
with extraterrestrials--
a subject that perhaps we will
address on another occasion.
But based on this contact
in the year 2012 on Mt.
Shasta, on this wonderful
plateau where we usually
camp on Sand Flat,
is when I started
researching the secrets of
Altai with greater intensity.
So Shasta is an
ideal contact place,
and this is one of the
most incredible experiences
that I have gone through there.
These beings say that contact
places are training centers.
Mt.
Shasta is the training center.
And there, people
who have decided
to go there to accept an
invitation from these beings
may receive information,
revelations,
one's own experience in
itself of the contact,
to give rise to a
transformation, not
only individual but that
generates a long-term chain
reaction.
When one visits places like Mt.
Shasta, or the Desert
of Atacama in Chile,
or the Chilca Desert in Peru,
or Lake Titicaca in Bolivia,
or Mt.
Uritorco in Argentina, or
Montserrat in Barcelona,
or Monte Perdido between
France and Spain, among so many
places in the world that we
have visited and investigated,
these no longer belong,
according to these beings,
to planet Earth.
They are now considered
neutral areas,
which we mentioned before.
It's like when an American
is visiting India.
You enter the US
Embassy in India.
Once you go into the embassy,
you're in the United States.
Well, something similar happens
when these beings invite you
to Mt.
Shasta or similar
contact places.
When you enter them,
you are no longer on Mt.
Shasta.
You are no longer in California.
You're not in the United States.
You are not on planet earth.
In that context of invitation
and acceptance and contact,
you are in a neutral area.
And as I said, the
extraterrestrials
affirm that the best
training is held there,
that information is conveyed.
In my personal
case, I think that I
am one of many witnesses
in the world who
has been going through
these types of processes
and experiences to make
known what we have received
in those training places.
And I say this with
a lot of humility.
I think that this work
has inspired many others
because, for decades,
we have criss-crossed
the world connecting places,
living experiences, receiving
information, and
we've made it known.
And today, others are
doing it, and it's
a chain that won't be
interrupted because we
are about a small part of
a much bigger plan that
is moving forward.
That's the importance of
contact places like Mt.
Shasta-- places that are
just a reflection of us.
Most importantly, obviously,
it is the purpose of the path
that we are on.
Obviously, these
contact experiences
do not happen every day.
For me, it's been 30 years--
30 years of living
experiences, of traveling
the world researching
this phenomenon,
with many field visits,
many expeditions.
And yet, despite the
fact that three decades
have gone by, only on eight
occasions in 30 years--
only on eight
occasions-- have I been
able to physically
see these beings.
I think that has been
enough to realize
the importance of
these experiences,
of the reality of
these contacts,
of their global reach.
They are the ones who decide
under what circumstances
and which places they
may manifest themselves
and to which witnesses.
But it always goes along
with some higher purpose.
As I've always said, I am one
of many contact witnesses.
I'm not a special
person nor am I chosen
in our way of
understanding, but I
am aware that they considered
that, through my testimony,
it could reach a
greater audience.
It is also important to
clarify that the techniques
of the contact principles,
as we have discussed
on other occasions, are
an attempt to communicate
with the universe.
But to have much more direct
and intense experiences,
it takes more than
a contact protocol.
It takes a mutual decision,
not only among the witnesses
but with the beings
who facilitate
these types of encounters.
And that is what
has happened with us
and our research team
throughout the years.
It is my testimony.
It is my experience.
And I guarantee you that it
is one of many in the world.
See you in the next episode.
On that occasion, we
will travel together
towards the enigma of the
Maya and prophetic calendars.
I'm Ricardo Gonzalez
Corpancho, and you're
aboard "The Arc of Time."
[THEME MUSIC]